# First of all, I want to thank you for the opportunity to participate…

First of all, I want to thank you for the opportunity to participate in your program. I am writing this to clarify some things. When assigned the community service hours I went online to search for some locations around my area when I stumbled upon a site that claimed to offer community service online. Taking summer classes and working takes up a lot of my time, so that prompted me to sign up for the program. I completed the 40 hours before the original deadline of July 9th, but after numerous attempts to obtain my paperwork from them and some research I came to the realization that it was a scam. This is undeniably my fault for not checking with your office to verify the program. I was embarrassed and felt stupid for getting scammed and having zero hours completed on the day of the deadline. When I called your office I was too ashamed to say that I had no hours so I was dishonest and said that I had some done hoping for an extension. When the extension was granted I immediately sought out my local Goodwill and completed the entire 40 hours in the 9 day extension I was allotted. The documentation needed is attached to this email. I take the pretrial diversion program very seriously, and completing the mandated requirements was my top priority made evident by the completion of 40 hours in just over a week. Not having my case go to court is very important to me. I made a bad decision in damaging the property that spurred my charges, but I am not a criminal by any means. If you could be understanding of my situation and not file a violation for being dishonest about my hours I would be extremely thankful. I ask for you to be understanding on this matter for I am not a criminal, but just someone who made a poor decision. 
