# We were at this like day party kinda thing and you kept looking at…

We were at this like day party kinda thing and you kept looking at this guy and I asked what you were doing and you said “he’s not bad to look at” which initially pissed me off. We were with a big group and the guys started playing pickup basketball and I was in the game and you were just talking to this guy the entire time and I walk over and am naturally like wtf are you doing and then you get mad at me for being upset. After awhile I’m still playing and I look over and you have disappeared with this dude and I can’t find you anywhere and your phone is off and you blocked me on all social media so I go to your place and you’re with this dude there and tell me we are done so I go back to where we were and get all blackout drunk and apparently crash my car and go to the hospital and you don’t even care enough to visit. 

Second one I am over at your place but you still live with your parents in this and we are all talking about something and I see this picture of a little girl and I ask you and your parents who it is and your mom says that it’s your little sister who died in an accident when she was really young. Then your dad gets really emotional and then it turns to anger towards me for asking. So I just get up and say I’m going to leave and as I do he shoves me down a flight of stairs and I bust my face all up. The next day we all plan to go to a concert but it’s like in Bloomington at bluebird but the artists is like huge and we have a prime spot. As I’m coming back from getting us drinks I spot my dad and he tells me he has like front row and has two extra spots for us and I tell him no thanks and so he grabs two of my friends and they go sit with him and tell me I’m a dumbass for not taking him up on his offer. 
